Update training.mdx (#1962)
wandb/docs: training.mdx

* A fully-managed backend on [CoreWeave Cloud](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/platform).

To get started, satisfy the [prerequisites](/training/prerequisites) to start using the service and then see [OpenPipe's Serverless RL quickstart](https://art.openpipe.ai/getting-started/quick-start) to learn how to post-train your models.

> We also recommend checking out this public [demo workspace](https://wandb.ai/wandb/demo-project-qwen-email-agent-with-art-weave-models/workspace?nw=nwuserjuliarose) that includes the following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out a [public demo workspace](https://wandb.ai/wandb/demo-project-qwen-email-agent-with-art-weave-models/workspace?nw=nwuserjuliarose) that includes the following examples:
```

> We also recommend checking out this public [demo workspace](https://wandb.ai/wandb/demo-project-qwen-email-agent-with-art-weave-models/workspace?nw=nwuserjuliarose) and [repo](https://github.com/julia-g-rose/openpipe-ruler-wandb-demo) that shows how to:

Reviewer 2: Probably should have one CTA - and sending to the workspace isn't that helpful 
```suggestion
We also recommend checking out this [repo](https://github.com/julia-g-rose/openpipe-ruler-wandb-demo) that shows how to:
```

Author: +1 on CTA. On sharing the workspace, I think a demo workspace helps people see what a full integration looks like in the platform, prior to investing time into a project. Cloning a repo, running training, etc. is a big time commitment that is easier to justify if you know what the final integration will look like

Author: @scottire just updated to include a single CTA, but used the workspace (instead of the repo) so users can see the benefit of using W&B. The workspace includes a link to the repo in the project summary at the top.

> * Train a Qwen model with OpenPipe RULER and [Weave Scorers](https://docs.wandb.ai/weave/guides/evaluation/scorers#create-your-own-scorers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Train a Qwen model with OpenPipe RULER and [Weave Scorers](https://docs.wandb.ai/weave/guides/evaluation/scorers#create-your-own-scorers).
```

> * Track training progress and [create custom plots](https://docs.wandb.ai/models/app/features/custom-charts) with W&B Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Track training progress and [create custom plots](https://docs.wandb.ai/models/app/features/custom-charts) with W&B Models.
```

> * Evaluate the final results on a [Weave leaderboard](https://docs.wandb.ai/weave/cookbooks/leaderboard_quickstart#leaderboard-quickstart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Evaluate the final results on a [Weave leaderboard](https://docs.wandb.ai/weave/cookbooks/leaderboard_quickstart#leaderboard-quickstart).
```

> * Use AI to analyze your traces, loss curves and experiment results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use AI to analyze your traces, loss curves and experiment results.
```

> * Use AI to analyze your traces, loss curves and experiment results

Reviewer 2: Where does it use AI to analyze the traces?

Author: The AI analysis was done ad hoc with Cursor and shared in the [workspace demo](https://wandb.ai/wandb/demo-project-qwen-email-agent-with-art-weave-models/workspace?nw=nwuserjuliarose), so it's not part of the code base. Included it to start seeing if there is interest in offering this sort of analysis within Workspaces out-of-the-box (instead of my current method of sharing traces and charts with Cursor via prompting). I recognize the statement is somewhat misleading, so can remove, but I think it will get us feedback around the direction

<img width="1358" height="523" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-05 at 9 10 10 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/00242894-76db-45a4-acde-21f4a0ac0a46" />

Reviewer: Yeah I don't really like this, it seems a bit hand-wavey. I'd be OK with you including the prompt that you gave to Cursor to do the analysis, but as it is now, I'm not sure that the reader will be able to extrapolate that you are talkiung about a manual analysis.
